Deploy/readme.md, before:

# Deploy the full solution

This template is used to deploy or update the Microsoft Sentinel Triage AssistanT (STAT) solution.

## Deployment Considerations

The Microsoft Sentinel Triage AssistanT (STAT) creates a series of Logic Apps, API connections, and a Logic Apps Custom Connector.  To use the STAT solution these items must be deployed in the same subscription and datacenter region as the Microsoft Sentinel playbooks which will use the solution.  In the event you would like to use STAT from multiple subscriptions or datacenter regions, a deployment of STAT will need to be created in each location.

#### Deploying Multiple Copies of STAT

In most cases it is only necessary to deploy STAT a single time, but in some circumstances such as when it needs to be available from multiple subscriptions or in multiple data center regions the solution may need to be deployed more than once.  If you must deploy STAT in multiple subscriptions or multiple datacenters it is recommended to use the advanced setup option and choose unique names for each logic app.  Using the same names in multiple deployments may result in issues with the GrantPermissions.ps1 script as the script presently relies on finding the logic apps by name.

## Upgrade Considerations

To upgrade the Microsoft Sentinel Triage AssistanT you can simply deploy the solution again, using the same settings as your original deployment.  This will update all of the STAT components but will maintain any existing connections to other logic apps you have a built and you will not be required to reassign the permissions as they will also be maintained.  When upgrading an advanced mode deployment, it is important that you use the same module names as the original deployment, otherwise new logic apps will be created.

## Quick Deployment

[![Deploy to Azure](https://aka.ms/deploytoazurebutton)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fbriandelmsft%2FSentinelAutomationModules%2Fmain%2FDeploy%2Fazuredeploy.json/createUIDefinitionUri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fbriandelmsft%2FSentinelAutomationModules%2Fmain%2FDeploy%2FcreateUiDefinition.json)

## Post Deployment

### Grant Permissions

* Run [GrantPermissions.ps1](GrantPermissions.ps1) to grant the necessary API and RBAC permissions to the logic apps deployed by this template.

### Restrict Calls to STAT Coordinator (optional)

All STAT modules, except the STAT Coordinator, are restricted to only being called from a Logic Apps IP and with a valid Shared Access Signature.  However, by default the STAT coordinator is only protected by the Shared Access Signature.  This is due to the Logic Apps Custom connector using IP addresses outside of the standard Logic Apps IP ranges.

To restrict the STAT coordinator to only accept calls from the Logic apps custom connector:
1. Locate the appropriate IP ranges for your Azure datacenter region [here](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=56519) under the section **AzureConnectors.&lt;AzureRegion&gt;**
2. Navigate in the Azure Portal to the **STAT-Coordinator** logic app
3. Locate **Settings -> Workflow settings**
4. Change the drop down menu from **Any IP** to **Specific IP ranges**
5. Add the IP ranges obtained in step 1
6. **Save**

> Note: To maintain these IP restrictions, these steps will need to be repeated when updating the STAT solution.

Commit message:

Run-Playbook Module Addition and Base Module Enhancements (#303)
* initial commit of Run-Playbook module

* remove unneeded dependancy

* Adding MFA & SSPR user enrichments to Base Module

* Module version update

Deploy/readme.md, after:

# Deploy the full solution

This template is used to deploy or update the Microsoft Sentinel Triage AssistanT (STAT) solution.

## Deployment Considerations

The Microsoft Sentinel Triage AssistanT (STAT) creates a series of Logic Apps, API connections, and a Logic Apps Custom Connector.  To use the STAT solution these items must be deployed in the same subscription and datacenter region as the Microsoft Sentinel playbooks which will use the solution.  In the event you would like to use STAT from multiple subscriptions or datacenter regions, a deployment of STAT will need to be created in each location.

#### Deploying Multiple Copies of STAT

In most cases it is only necessary to deploy STAT a single time, but in some circumstances such as when it needs to be available from multiple subscriptions or in multiple data center regions the solution may need to be deployed more than once.  If you must deploy STAT in multiple subscriptions or multiple datacenters it is recommended to use the advanced setup option and choose unique names for each logic app.  Using the same names in multiple deployments may result in issues with the GrantPermissions.ps1 script as the script presently relies on finding the logic apps by name.

## Upgrade Considerations

To upgrade the Microsoft Sentinel Triage AssistanT you can simply deploy the solution again, using the same settings as your original deployment.  This will update all of the STAT components but will maintain any existing connections to other logic apps you have a built and you will not be required to reassign the permissions as they will also be maintained.  When upgrading an advanced mode deployment, it is important that you use the same module names as the original deployment, otherwise new logic apps will be created.

### Base Module version 0.4.0 and above

When upgrading the base module from versions below 0.4.0 to this version or above the additional Graph API permissions of Reports.Read.All is used by the base module (See GrantPermissions.ps1).  If this permissions is not added, the module will return *Unknown* for all values that use the permission.

## Quick Deployment

[![Deploy to Azure](https://aka.ms/deploytoazurebutton)](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fbriandelmsft%2FSentinelAutomationModules%2Fmain%2FDeploy%2Fazuredeploy.json/createUIDefinitionUri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fbriandelmsft%2FSentinelAutomationModules%2Fmain%2FDeploy%2FcreateUiDefinition.json)

## Post Deployment

### Grant Permissions

* Run [GrantPermissions.ps1](GrantPermissions.ps1) to grant the necessary API and RBAC permissions to the logic apps deployed by this template.

### Restrict Calls to STAT Coordinator (optional)

All STAT modules, except the STAT Coordinator, are restricted to only being called from a Logic Apps IP and with a valid Shared Access Signature.  However, by default the STAT coordinator is only protected by the Shared Access Signature.  This is due to the Logic Apps Custom connector using IP addresses outside of the standard Logic Apps IP ranges.

To restrict the STAT coordinator to only accept calls from the Logic apps custom connector:
1. Locate the appropriate IP ranges for your Azure datacenter region [here](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=56519) under the section **AzureConnectors.&lt;AzureRegion&gt;**
2. Navigate in the Azure Portal to the **STAT-Coordinator** logic app
3. Locate **Settings -> Workflow settings**
4. Change the drop down menu from **Any IP** to **Specific IP ranges**
5. Add the IP ranges obtained in step 1
6. **Save**

> Note: To maintain these IP restrictions, these steps will need to be repeated when updating the STAT solution.
